give it beautiful nice beautiful
I don't believe it but I don't believe in Danti
at the door alone mortacci or
changed nation of the madonna nation
of the beautiful lady looks here yes
concentrates of Cagliari Alvarez del
left-handed out of very little to the right
of agazzi he did everything well to me on
left-handed ball has climbed momentum
just worked well in the middle of three
ball opponents out of very little
attention we are on the other side live
pinilla penalty throughout the race are
pinilla penney the ball on the right goes
down penalty kick this time from
from a penalty kick and a warning for
sylvan rigor may but can not
really for the series we invent
non-existent instead we feed coeli
this legendary rigor memorial
sorry for having him against going has
since everything was ready, it was mars with the
right pinilla 18 game pinilla part
right central handanovic and the other
part 1 to 0 for cagliari
however the absurd thing that an arbitrator
who thinks maybe he did wrong not
give the first real chance that penalty
usa is thrown into the area and marks the second
boys time the rigor of pinilla is
ridiculous but it was not to warn for
absolutely pinilla simulation
ridiculous anyway it 's okay so good now
we are used to cagliari that now goes
near doubling the doubling of the
cagliari still almost has him
everything is handanovic not to go out 2 to 0
for Cagliari the inter in the abyss
the inter in the abyss where you can't
re raised and testimony
however the symbol of the crisis
inter and nagatomo that everyone enters
glad you finally came back and yes
it hurts after 4 minutes of eventual
samuel here is something that doesn't work
we need to intervene we are not just talking about
market but let's talk about something that
inside the company is not
possible all out for attack
injuries got hurt gargano put
in nagatomo 5 minutes out too
nagatomo
thank you that is who they are here they are sent there
He slept here now that you know now
the moral resignation at home very badly
because it is true that everything goes wrong but a
little of our we put it in the making
go against the art
Inter this year has changed the
game
remember to use it also with the
your companions